Update styling docs and comments and minor refactor of kothic-dependent constants (#5692)
organicmaps/organicmaps: docs/STYLES.md

1. Add it into `data/mapcss-mapping.csv` (or better replace existing `deprecated` line) to make OM import it from OSM
2. If necessary merge similar tags in via `data/replaced_tags.txt`
3. Define a priority for the new feature type in e.g. [`priorities_4_overlays.prio.txt`](../data/styles/clear/include/priorities_4_overlays.prio.txt) and/or other priorities files
4. Add a new icon (see [above](#how-to-add-a-new-icon)) and/or other styling (area, line..)
5. If a new POI should be OSM-addable/editable then add it to `data/editor.config`
6. Add new type translation into `data/strings/types_strings.txt`
7. Add search keywords into `data/categories.txt`
8. Run `tools/unix/generate_localizations.sh` to validate and distribute translations into iOS and Android
9. Add new or fix current classifier tests at `/generator/generator_tests/osm_type_tests.cpp` if you can
10. [Test](#testing-your-changes) your changes
11. Relax and wait for the next maps update :)

## Testing your changes

The most convenient way is using [the desktop app](INSTALL.md#desktop-app).
(there is a "Designer" version of it also, which facilitates development

> by rebuilding styles and symbols quickly, but its broken as of now, please help fix!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by rebuilding styles and symbols quickly, but it's broken as of now, please help fix it!)
```

Author: fixed
